Dear Author(s),

Your paper number N-19566 was resubmitted successfully to IJCNN 2019. Please
use the paper number in all your correspondence.  In case of problems with
your PDF file you will be notified and asked to resubmit a corrected file.

Your submission was recorded as follows:

  Title:       Variance Estimation using Subbagging to Quantify Uncertainty in Neural Network Ensembles
  Author(s):   Tyler Forrester, Jordan Schupbach and John Sheppard
  Affiliation(s):
    Montana State University, United States
    Montana State University, United States
    Montana State University, United States
  Email:       tylerforrester@msu.montana.edu, jordanschupbach@msu.montana.edu, john.sheppard@montana.edu

  Abstract:
Quantifying uncertainty is critically important to many applications of
predictive modeling. In this paper we propose a novel method of estimating
uncertainty in neural networks using a U-statistic subbagging method proposed by
Mentch and Hooker. This method trains neural networks on subsamples of data and
uses the resulting ensemble to estimate variance of point estimates. We
demonstrate that an ensemble of neural networks predicting a regression function
has the required theoretical properties, and we then perform a coverage
probability study of two simulated data sets to show empirically that the
coverage probabilities match the theoretical predictions of the subbagging method.

  Preferred form of presentation: Any

  Paper Topics:
    S19. Ensemble Learning and Applications
    2k.  Mixture models, ensemble learning, and other meta-learning or committee algorithms
    5r.  Reasoning and problem-solving

  Student Paper: Yes

If you need to update your submission again please go to:

  https://ieee-cis.org/conferences/ijcnn2019/upload.php?PaperID=19566

On this page you will need to use the following password:

  kckc48

For the latest news and announcements, please visit the conference's home
page:

  http://www.ijcnn.org

All inquiries should be sent to Chrisina Jayne <ijcnn2019@gmail.com>.

Thank you for your submission.

Sincerely,
  Chrisina Jayne <ijcnn2019@gmail.com>
  IJCNN 2019 Program Chair